hey you guys it's Nikki Anna coming it's
yet again today and I'm coming at you
with part two of my cooking that I'm
doing today and as I stated in the other
video a lot of my newbies don't know
that mama throws down actually that's
one of the main things I do in YouTube
so I'm not you probably only know me for
couponing but yeah I make mills on a
budget
feeding anywhere between four to eight
people ten dollars or under and if you
go back on my 600 videos that I have and
seven months I know kind of ridiculous
but if you go up a cup my videos you
will actually see that that's what I did
and that's what I've been doing and do
all new I have a cookbook coming out
every year so are you guys what we're
fixing today is some chicken I'm fixing
some stuffing stuffed some stuffed
chicken breast boneless chicken breast
and skinless so we're gonna fix that
we're gonna pound that out and stuff it
with the stuffing inside and all that
good stuff we're gonna fix some mac and
cheese with heavy cream and that's one
of my recipes that I fix everybody loves
it so hopefully you'll be able to try it
as well I'm trying to get my lighting
right you guys I know it's quite a glare
because it's facing the window but uh
please bear with me
so right now I'm just fixing the mac and
cheese already showed you how to what to
use and right now we're just want to
dice up our cheese already put one in
there and I'm going to pan down and talk
to you that way so you can see what I'm
going
all righty so as you can see it's
already creamy and actually the cheese
has not melted or anything that's simply
because I added the heavy cream and you
definitely want to add heavy cream it's
not the most healthy but it's definitely
a great way to fix it that's going to
change the whole taste on what you're
what you're fixing so you definitely
want to put heavy cleaning in there
slide for Easter dinner or whatever just
going slice off and for mine I use one
pound of noodles or one and a half
pounds like this is one and a half
pounds and I use three packs of the
crack rocket barrel cheese I already put
three eggs and and I showed you how much
heavy cream to use and the other video
which is one paint
so what I do is I cut it up is that a
package okay and I just got a package in
the mail you guys for a review that VH
pods nice wants me to do and I will be
going that review as soon as I need a
chance I have a couple reviews so
companies wanted me to do so I haven't
been doing them I also have some things
in the work with being on a few people's
website as a as a would they call it I'm
sorry you guys I'm all over the place
today please bear with me mama be having
so much going on y'all be like thinking
I juggle so much but I juggle so much
trust me all day long I really don't
know it anyhow I've done it but I know
how because God gives me a supernatural
power and supernatural strength and
that's why I'm able to do it um but yeah
I have a couple of things in the works I
have a column on the Virgo gems calm
that um they hired me to do I also have
some other things in the works I can't
really talk too much about it that's
what I'm trying to dance around it but
it's a couple of companies that has
hired me to or potentially will be
hiring me to do a couple of things so we
shall see I'll take whatever God sends
my way if it's time now
anyway I've already done two of the as
you can see I've already done two of the
cheese's and although I put the heavy
cream in that's for the creaminess but
for it to make sure it doesn't be dry
what you're going to add is a pan of fat
milk
I'm also fixing some mashed potatoes
with gravy this is just to make sure
because you got to remember the noodles
are going to absorb okay so you know you
don't want dry mac and cheese so that
was a can of evaporated milk the seasons
that you're going to put in it you don't
want to try to change I will try to mess
with mac and cheese too much as more of
a classic dish so you're just gonna add
your to your regular seasonings you're
gonna add your shirt a little bit of
salt and pepper if you have fresh ground
pepper better be great you use less of
that of course because it's more
stronger more potent and then you're
gonna add a little bit of put on paprika
back in once you already put it into
your baking dish okay
roll cooks by the seasonings be
all righty
I'm just gonna stir this all up and I'm
gonna go ahead and put this in my baking
dish but I'm also going to add some more
cheese on top once it's already in the
baking dish and that's the last pack of
cheese now I'd like to use these little
pans because you can get them from the
Dollar Tree or a dollar store they come
they're hard they're reusable and it's
great to use because I could just like
for instance we're gonna probably eat
this little pan today yeah we probably
will but then I can have us a pan set
aside for another dish and I could just
freeze it so alrighty so we're just
gonna add we're just gonna add
yeah
so this will fill up two of those pans
as I just showed you then we're gonna
add like I said some more cheese on top
okay so let's do one at a time clean up
your space as you go along and keep your
all righty so this is how it looks then
we're just gonna cut up some more of
that cheese you guys yes more when
you're dealing with mac and cheese more
is better I don't care what nobody said
I can't stand the taste some dry mac and
cheese when you could tell people been
trying to skimp on the cheese because
they didn't get enough of it I hate it
so this is going to take Ford to get
nice and cheesy and clean it's gonna
take probably like I said about three
okay
next video is gonna be of my stuffing
I've already sauted my vegetables
foodie get out the kitchen
and just add this on top
make sure you reserve half of that block
of cheese for the next dish that you're
gonna fill the next pan and then you can
reserve that and you can kill two birds
with one stone ladies that's how you be
efficient with your time because you
reserved it and then that you already
have it frozen for the next time why
spend money on frozen Stouffer's and
things like that aren't raised when you
can fix your own for move way way less
than the price they charge tastes much
better and you know exactly what you put
in it so what we're going to do is add
all that breakup on top
and this is Kiana's homemade mac and
cheese with heavy cream I love you all
so much I thank you all for watching a
comedy and subbing of course love you
all the best